Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to create
a lip signing using custom character
using CHP using the home video
generation to generate
an audio with the image selected to
create a nicely signing like this video
like this.
Okay, first thing first, open confi,
run it.
Okay, go to templates
that want to use this model.
Okay, you this model,
this one
uh home video generation. Okay, first
thing first you have to download this
model. After download this model, you
have to go here to download button
and the downloading is starting
do for all those files or you can copy
URL
and go right here
download
for me. Let's download those files.
Let's put one by one.
Okay. Close this. Okay. Let's put the
one by one those files.
Okay. Close this. The first one. Loris.
Let's put go here first. Put computer
modus
loris.
Search for this one. Light. This one is
for loris. past it right here.
Okay. Second one fusion model
17 bill
17 but it could be this one right here.
The final one
audio
here.
Okay. I think it's fine. I'll reload the
page.
Okay, this is those files that I added
to those this modus. I do. Now we have
to load an image and audio.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's like uh to sign
in the lip sync we have to add image
reference and the audio and the image is
right here lip sync signing with the
character with the audio. Okay, first
thing first we have to add the prompt of
the character what we want to call it on
the negative prompt.
Okay, let's go here to CP.
I already added a prompt from here.
Okay. Search it here and chat GPC image
reference.
Okay. Boy talking for home video
generate this image for me.
Okay. Let's download this image. I
downloaded.
Now let's go here to upload this image
right here. Now we have to choose any
audio. I don't have audio. Okay. That's
so to go with
any audio from this.
Uh okay. After that for low V like me I
have 12 GB of VM slow. We have to adjust
this one with anti to get the best
quality as possible.
Okay. for
for me I want to choose this quality
this value for the width and this value
for the height.
Okay, for the length I want just
this one,000
frames.
Okay, my steps make it three is yes.
It's good.
Uh before we go run to you, you have to
go here English reference and choose one
of those character. Okay, if you want I
want this this choose this one
funny.
It's the right one here.
Okay, we have to change this variable
this variable for the height to make the
same thing.
And for the N make it like that. Let's
go. Step six. Okay, now let's run it.
Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how use this model. Want to put one
on first text video model.
Okay, it takes uh around um 10 minutes
to create
to create this video. 24
seconds using this motor with lip
signing. Choose a character from GPT and
left side to get this.